    THINKER

Your objective is to think. Some get excited by exercising their biceps or triceps, you - by stretching your 'brain muscles' through deep thinking. It does not necessarily mean you are a very focused person. It just means you enjoy the mental activity and meaningful conversations. For your mind journeys, you perceive yourself as the best companion. This introspection allows you to digest complex information and ideas before communicating about it with the surrounding world. Who wouldn't like to have a team member who can simplify even most sophisticated concepts in a way that a 3-year-old would understand?

    PHILOMATH

Your objective is to learn new things. Due to your love of learning people tend to say you are a very curious person. You like to experiment with different styles of learning as well - in the end, there is something to learn from that as well, right? As it's the processes itself that excite you, you are not necessarily interested in becoming a subject matter expert. Instead you prefer learning something fast and then shift to a new thing to learn. Thanks to this strength, you learn very fast and thrive in short projects and dynamically changing environments. Needless to say, you will always be the one to contribute with new knowledge to your team as well.

    ANALYST

Your objective is to analyze in order to find root causes. It's not that you don't like ideas, theories, concepts, but you want to see them proven. And what's a better way to prove something than with data? While unbearable for some, large quantities of data make you feel like a fish in the water, because you constantly look for patterns, connections and root causes behind any result. You feel data helps you to be objective, unbiased and dispassionate. As the result, others see you as logical and rigorous. Surrounding people usually come to you to hear an unbiased perspective on their idea. If your analysis is delivered in a kind manner, it would make you into a great asset for any team that is full of daydreamers.

    SELF-BELIEVER

Your objective is to bring confidence. While you might not know what the future is going to bring, it does not disturb you. Somewhere deep in your mind and heart, you know - no matter what happens, you will go through it. This inner confidence and self-motivation allows you to take risks, able to meet new challenges, able to stake claims, and, most important, able to deliver. Your confidence applies not only to abilities but also to judgments. No matter what the situation, you seem to know what the right decision is. In eyes of others, this creates a feeling of certainty, which is crucial for driving decision making process in any team.

    PROBLEM SOLVER

Your objective is to solve problems. Any breakdowns are normally demotivating to the majority of people, but not for you. At the contrary, when something does not work the way it should be, it provides you an opportunity to analyze symptoms of a problem, identify what's wrong and find the solution. In other words, you are a great problem solver. What makes you particularly special is that instead of abandoning - your goal is to restore something to its true glory. In a team, everyone knows you as a person who does not shy away from a problem, but actually fixes things to their normal functioning.
